[All Hosts] (manifest) Update non-Outlook docs for GA of unified manifest (#4435)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/add-in-manifests.md

title: Office Add-ins manifest
description: Get an overview of the Office Add-in manifest and its uses.
ms.topic: overview
ms.date: 03/15/2024
ms.localizationpriority: high
---

> # Office Add-ins manifest

Reviewer: There's a new Outlook on Windows, now in preview. Do we need to explicitly indicate support or lack thereof?

Author: > There's a new Outlook on Windows, now in preview. Do we need to explicitly indicate support or lack thereof?

Sam says "yes", so I'll add this.

Every Office add-in has a manifest. There are two types of manifests:

> - **XML manifest:** This is the only type of manifest that is currently supported for non-Outlook add-ins. As the name indicates, it is XML format. This type of manifest can't be used for an app that combines an add-in with some other kind of extension of the Microsoft 365 platform.
> - **unified manifest for Microsoft 365:** This is an expanded version of the JSON-formatted manifest that has been used for years as the manifest for Teams Apps. Currently, this manifest is only available for Outlook add-ins and only in Office linked to a Microsoft 365 subscription and installed on Windows, on a mobile device, or in Outlook on the web. We're working on extending support to Excel, PowerPoint, and Word, as well as to Outlook on Mac, and to perpetual versions of Office. Add-ins that use this manifest can be combined with other kinds of extensions of the Microsoft 365 platform in a single app that is installable as a unit whole. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **XML manifest**: This is the only type of manifest that is currently supported for non-Outlook add-ins. As the name indicates, it's XML format. This type of manifest can't be used for an app that combines an add-in with some other kind of Microsoft 365 platform extension.
- **unified manifest for Microsoft 365**: This is an expanded version of the JSON-formatted manifest that has been used for years as the manifest for Teams Apps. Currently, this manifest is only available for Outlook add-ins and only in Office linked to a Microsoft 365 subscription and installed on Windows, on a mobile device, or in Outlook on the web. We're working on extending support to Excel, PowerPoint, and Word, as well as to Outlook on Mac and to perpetual versions of Office. Add-ins that use this manifest can be combined with other kinds of Microsoft 365 platform extensions in a single app that's installable as a unit whole. 
```

Author: > 

I may be an old fogy about stacked nouns, but I'm making all of these changes except that I'm going to leave the prepositional phrase "extensions of the Microsoft 365 platform" rather than stack a 4th noun with "Microsoft 365 platform extensions".

title: Office Add-ins manifest
description: Get an overview of the Office Add-in manifest and its uses.
ms.topic: overview
ms.date: 04/12/2024
ms.localizationpriority: high
---

# Office Add-ins manifest

Every Office add-in has a manifest. There are two types of manifests:

- **XML manifest**: This is the only type of manifest that is currently supported for non-Outlook add-ins. As the name indicates, it's XML format. This type of manifest can't be used for an app that combines an add-in with some other kind of extension of the Microsoft 365 platform.

> - **unified manifest for Microsoft 365**: This is an expanded version of the JSON-formatted manifest that has been used for years as the manifest for Teams Apps. Add-ins that use this manifest can be combined with other kinds of extensions of the Microsoft 365 platform in a single app that's installable as a unit whole.

Author: ```suggestion
- **unified manifest for Microsoft 365**: This is an expanded version of the JSON-formatted manifest that has been used for years as the manifest for Teams Apps. Add-ins that use this manifest can be combined with other kinds of extensions of the Microsoft 365 platform in a single app that's installable as a unit.
```
